[SOAR-15940] InsightIDR - advanced_query_on_log_set statistical result bug fix (#2108)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/rapid7_insightidr/help.md

# Version History

* 6.0.2 - Action: `Advanced Query On Log set` - Fixed error where statistical queries would always return 0.0

> * 6.0.1 - Action: `Advanced Query On Log` - Up the maximium events returned from 50 to 500

Reviewer: Just some grammar and spelling check 😄 
```suggestion
* 6.0.1 - Action: `Advanced Query On Log` - Increase the maximum results returned from 50 to 500
```

Author: this has been updated
